chronic, combine, ifdata, ifne, isutf8: add pages (#12114)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/combine.md

# combine

> > Perform set operations on lines of two files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compare lines of two files and print the result accordingly.
```

Author: To be perfectly honest, i like "Perform set operations on lines of two files." better :P This is because I believe that the command doesn't really do a comparison in a mathematical sense, but a set operation (ie. union, intersection, etc.)

> > The order of the output lines is determined by the order of the lines in the first file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The order of the output lines is determined by the order of the lines in the first file.
> See also: `diff`.
```
